Hello! I am sure that today, in Washington, D.C., there are a lot of great things to do.
But I am not doing any of them.
I am sick.
Right now, I'm going to call my boss and tell her I cannot come in to work.
Hello?
●●●
●●
●
Ms. Weaver, Hi.
I can’t come to work today.
Why not? What is wrong?
●●●
●●
●
Well, yesterday I felt fine.
In the morning, I painted for hours.
In the afternoon, I cut wood.
Then, I built a fire.
Anna, what do you mean?
Why can’t you come to work today?
●●●
●●
●
I do not feel well.
I think I’m sick.
I’m sorry to hear that.
I was sick last week, too.
I had the flu.
●●●
●●
●
What did you do?
I slept a lot and I drank a lot of water.
Do you have a doctor?
●●●
●●
●
Yes, I do.
You should call your doctor.
And get lots of rest!
●●●
●●
●
Thanks, Ms. Weaver.
I’ll call right now.
I'm calling my doctor.
Now, where does this thing go?
Hello. This is Dr. Bennett.
How can I help you?
●●●
●●
●
Hello, Dr. Bennett.
This is Anna.
Oh, Hi, Anna.
How can I help you?
●●●
●●
●
I think I’m sick.
Let me ask you a couple of questions.
Do you have a sore throat?
●●●
●●
●
Yes. I have a sore throat
Do you have a cough?
●●●
●●
●
Yes. I have a cough.
When did you start feeling sick?
●●●
●●
●
This morning.
Yesterday I felt great.
In the morning I painted, for hours-
in the afternoon I cut wood-
Excuse me, Anna.
But I don’t need to know all that.
Do you have a fever?
●●●
●●
●
Oh. My thermometer says 125 degrees?! What??
Yeah, that’s not right.
●●●
●●
●
Oh. Wait.
The thermometer was in my hot cup of coffee.
Please take it again, Anna.
●●●
●●
●
Okay, the thermometer says 100.5 degrees.
100.5 degrees is not too high.
I want you to drink lots of water.
Rest in bed and get lots of sleep.
●●●
●●
●
That is what my boss said to do.
Um, Dr. Bennett, when can I go to work?
Don’t go to work for a couple of days.
●●●
●●
●
Yes! I mean, I don’t want to make my co-workers sick.
That’s right.
Call me back in a couple of days.
●●●
●●
●
I will, Dr. Bennett. And thanks.
Well, you heard the doctor– no work for a couple of days.
I need water, sleep and um… lots of movies!
Well, the doctor didn’t say anything about movies.
But it can’t hurt!
Until next time!